The goal of this system is to help students learn how to harden a system and gain hands on experience doing so. 

Thus your job is to harden this system.

There may or may not be questions located in files located on the dedsktop of the system please read any and all questions before making any changes to the system as doing so may make the question unanserable.

all user accounts should be password protected with secure passwords, this may not be currently enforced on this computer. The presence of any non-work related media files and "hacking tools" on any computers is strictly prohibited.

required Services:

    (None)

Authorized Admins:
CyberTeam! (you)
	password: (none)
Stefan Johnnson
Steve Jobs


Authorized Users:
John Smith
Jackson V
Julia Beck
Tedddy Kane
Bob Hill

Competition Guidelines

    Please do not change the password for the CyberTeam! account this is not required and will not cause a scoringng change. NOT required to change the password of the primary, auto-login, user account. Changing the password of a user that is set to automatically log in may lock you out of your computer.
    Do not stop or disable any of the servies or processes accoated with cyberpatriot css or the scoring engine.
    Do not remove any authorized users or their home directories.
    You can view your current scoring report by double-clicking the "Score Report" desktop icon.
    JavaScript is required for some error messages that appear on the Scoring Report." To ensure that you only receive correct error messages, please do not disable JavaScript. 

The scoring engine used on this system has been taken from the cyberpatriot training materials and is the property of the Air Force Association and the University of Texas at San Antonio.

For more information on cyberpatriot vist https://www.uscyberpatriot.org/ if you wish to read more about the scoring engine see https://www.uscyberpatriot.org/competition/training-materials/practice-images
